My program is the beginnings of an enhancement to the members galley page (www.handweaversofboulder.org/membergallery.html)
of the Handweavers Guild of Boulder website (www.handweaversofboulder.org).  I am the volunteer website monitor for this site.
The members gallery page contains an entry for Guild members who want to publicize their work.  For quite a while I have
wanted to provide visitors to this webpage the ability to search on these member entries to get a list of the
entries that satisfy their search criteria.  Now I can do this with an actual search of the members' websites.

My code is in "CS101 Contest.py".  I have two text files that I read into the program. 'CS101_Contest_cache.txt'
contains a cache of the contents of the websites of the entries on the member gallery page.  I have not yet
explored the protocol required when searching the web, so I do my search offline for now.
The other text file is "CS101_Contest_headerinfo.txt" which contains
the main portions of the html file that I will produce with the visitor's search results.

I've made quite a few extensions to the search engine we created in CS101:
 *  for each member site, only crawl the pages within the domain of that site
 *  when searching for target urls, allow for href attributes that aren't right after the a tag
 *  when searching for urls within an href attribute, allow for the use of single or double quotes
 *  the lookup function uses multiple words, but does not require those words to be consecutive in the
    target url, and returns all the urls that satisfy any of the search arguments
 *  remove html tags and comments before pulling keywords out of the webpages
 *  use a variety of word delimitors in splitting the text into words
 *  translated all words in the index, and words in the search list to lowercase
 *  when searching for certain fiber-related words, use different variations of that word also
    (i.e. for "weave", add "weaving", "weaves", "weaver", and "wove" to the search list)
 *  the output is an html page containing all the entries whose webpages satisfy the search list
 
 Things I still want to do:
  *  figure out the protocol of searching the web courteously and do the searching on the web
  *  update my members gallery page to include the search function on that webpage
  *  display the resulting html page automatically
  *  rethink my search strategy of returning all urls that satisfy any of the search keywords -- do
     something more sophisticated, research other search applications on other websites to see what kind of
	 search arguments to provide for my users (i.e. which keywords must appear, which ones must be in sequence ...)
  *  when looking at other people's code for this contest I realized that a bunch of the tedious parsing I am doing
	 to get rid of html comments, html tags, find urls anywhere inside an <a> tag, can be done much more easily with
	 string functions available in Python, but not covered in CS101.  I want to explore those functions in order to
	 simplify my code